Hello everyone today I wanted to tell
to you about one program
black admin probably everyone has already heard about
her
here it is not away from HIV
here it was already activated
Now I will show it in action
first go to the game
cat of my server
now one of them
at
break
let's go here
prescribed
P
we remove
but also
how strange it wasn't before
Input Error
but one file is
a mistake on this costs protection
musical
did not know that
and knew that in the north
there are already protection
windows protect north black admin
indeed
Well, in principle, in principle, you understand how
it should all be
Well, this is a program but money to me
I don’t need anything, I can give it away for free
Well, I somehow did not want to sit down for free
to give
I don't want to give freebies
Well, let it be on
wild inscribing not needed let it be 40
rubles
I think you have so much money in total
they can be earned online quickly
or you can
through the terminal
Well, to contact me via skype, you can
my skype hour
will sign
everyone can see here
Oscar asko
Well that's all
what did I want to say
bye